README description and LLD (#157)
hmcts/pre-api: README.md

# pre-api

# Pre-Recorded Evidence API

[![License: MIT](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-MIT-yellow.svg)](https://opensource.org/licenses/MIT) [![Quality Gate Status](https://sonarcloud.io/api/project_badges/measure?project=uk.gov.hmcts.reform%3Apre-api&metric=alert_status)](https://sonarcloud.io/summary/new_code?id=uk.gov.hmcts.reform%3Apre-api) [![Reliability Rating](https://sonarcloud.io/api/project_badges/measure?project=uk.gov.hmcts.reform%3Apre-api&metric=reliability_rating)](https://sonarcloud.io/summary/new_code?id=uk.gov.hmcts.reform%3Apre-api) [![Vulnerabilities](https://sonarcloud.io/api/project_badges/measure?project=uk.gov.hmcts.reform%3Apre-api&metric=vulnerabilities)](https://sonarcloud.io/summary/new_code?id=uk.gov.hmcts.reform%3Apre-api) [![Coverage](https://sonarcloud.io/api/project_badges/measure?project=uk.gov.hmcts.reform%3Apre-api&metric=coverage)](https://sonarcloud.io/summary/new_code?id=uk.gov.hmcts.reform%3Apre-api)

## Purpose

This code repository contains the source code for the Pre-Recorded Evidence API.

> The API hosts numerous endpoints, [documented here](https://hmcts.github.io/cnp-api-docs/swagger.html?url=https://hmcts.github.io/cnp-api-docs/specs/pre-api.json#/)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The API hosts numerous endpoints, which are [documented in Swagger](https://hmcts.github.io/cnp-api-docs/swagger.html?url=https://hmcts.github.io/cnp-api-docs/specs/pre-api.json#/)
```

There is no need to remove postgres and java or similar core images.

## How to generate a Power Platform Custom Connector

> Copy the Swagger v2 spec found [here](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/hmcts/pre-api/master/pre-api-stg.yaml) and paste it into the [Power Platform Custom Connector](https://make.powerautomate.com/environments/3df85815-859a-e884-8b20-6a6dac1054a1/connections/custom) edit page. There will need to be a connector for prod and staging. The swagger spec is automatically updated in each PR.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Copy the [Swagger v2 spec](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/hmcts/pre-api/master/pre-api-stg.yaml) and paste it into the [Power Platform Custom Connector](https://make.powerautomate.com/environments/3df85815-859a-e884-8b20-6a6dac1054a1/connections/custom) edit page. There will need to be a connector for prod and staging. The swagger spec is automatically updated in each PR.
```
